fix: store cloudflared token in a Secret (#319)
pl4nty/cloudflare-kubernetes-gateway: README.md

## Configuring cloudflared

By default, a [Cloudflare Tunnel client](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared) (cloudflared) runs for each Gateway, as a Deployment in the Gateway's namespace.

> The internal cloudflared can be configured with a ConfigMap referenced from the Gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be configured with a ConfigMap referenced from the Gateway:
```

</details>

> Additional clients can be deployed ([guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/deploy-tunnels/deployment-guides/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional cloudflared clients can be deployed ([guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/deploy-tunnels/deployment-guides/))
```
